For all programs, document and comment your code! Also, cite all sources used. This applies to all labs and all projects, even if not mentioned in the lab/project instructions.

Part 0: ensure you have Python 3.10 or newer, a newer version of git (at least 2.23), and an editor to write code.

Part 1: Hello, birthday month - variable and if-statements

Write a program that asks for your name and the month you were born in.

Then, your program should print
A greeting to you, using your name
A message with the number of letters in your name
A 'Happy birthday month!' message if you were born in the current month
Easier - compare the user's input to "January" or "August" or whatever the current month is
Harder - use Python to figure out the current month and use that in the comparison. Check out the datetime library.

Part 2: List of classes - lists and loops

Write a program that asks for the names of all of the classes you are taking this semester
Save these class names in a list.
Print all the items in the list, one per line.

Part 3, optional bonus question: camelCase

Write a program that turns a sentence into camel case. The first word is lowercase,
the rest of the words have their initial letter capitalized, and all of the words are joined together.
For example, with the input "fOnt proCESSOR and ParsER", your program will output "fontProcessorAndParser".

Optional extra question: print a warning message if the input will not produce a valid variable name.
You don't need to be exhaustive in checking, but test for a few common issues, such as starting with a number,
or containing invalid characters such as # or + or ".
Or, would it be easier to check that the name only contains valid characters?

Test your program with different example inputs, and comment your code.

Part 4: Git

You should be familiar with Git. You may have used it with Visual Studio or IntelliJ,
but git is actually a command-line application and IDEs just run the command line commands when you click buttons.

Create a git repository for your programs, from the command line or from your editor.
Push your code to a GitHub repository.